finally we get to water
I looks beautiful
[Music]
so I fed up with possum help me here who
say well you're a pioneer really of
diving in the Red Sea
well actually we start here 20 years ago
and how many times have you how many
times have you dived in the Red Sea the
last time I counted that was five
thousand that was seven years ago
Awesome's dive Center was one of the
first resorts on this section of coast
he took me out to see the coral reef
that flourishes on his doorstep thanks
to the warm tropical waters but even out
here in the boat there was no escaping
one of the many Egyptian officials
following us around would you mind
asking police guard if he knows how to
swim we're gonna have to look after him
then
[Music]
coral reef is one of the greatest
treasures of the tropics region existing
almost entirely between the Tropic of
Capricorn the southern border of the
tropics and here more than 3000 miles
north of that line on the Tropic of
Cancer it was a thrill to find such
diversity of life down here suggesting
that this reef is in good health nobody
died here nobody fish in this area no
damage happened to the reef or is it to
the sword
nothing conditions in the Red Sea are
especially good for coral reef it's
relatively warm and shallow here
compared to the large oceans and the
coral is nourished as rain washes
minerals and nutrients into the water
from volcanic mountains around the sea
around the world at the moment coral
coral reefs have been taking a battering
you might say they've been suffering a
lot from climate change already
it's how important is it that we protect
the reef and preserve the ecosystem it's
down there actually I believe that the
red sea the marine life exists on the
red sea it's not exists anywhere else
it's a treasure and we have to save it
much for our self for our next
generation
[Music]
you